[Applause]
[Music]
when they introduced Concorde it went
with a supersonic bang so imagine the
kind of bang there's going to be when
the world's sexiest sex symbol carries
on with the whole carry on gang - I am
circumspect snow white makes incredible
[Laughter]
not since the Keeler affair or Watergate
as Public Interest been so aroused in
the affairs of state I refer of course
to the case of Madame Emmanuel private
Brigitte
yes if Manuel stands for everything
French but she prefers a more
comfortable position tell us what the
butler saw take a look at this it's a
beaut I um I've never seen anything that
big I'm determined a go out whip up but
that's exactly what I had in mind I've
met this wonderful girl without this
there's no such thing I think I'm in
love I'm 34 and a half
[Music]
singly oh by the Dozen Emmanuelle is the
best sport ever to play on the carrion
team not with an entire football team no
rugby man like different shaped balls
she's friendly with all sorts of people
in high places and the higher the place
the better she likes it Peter Rogers and
Gerald Thomas add a dash of French
undressing to cloudy news relish in the
sauciest carry all of them all carry on
Emmanuelle well cut it there okay
what do you have attached